docs: Mention differences with `conda` (#3348)
mamba-org/mamba: README.md

- Caching package downloads.
- Caching entire `conda` environments.

> ## Limitations compared to `conda`

Reviewer: As there might be features or behavior of conda which we might not port.
```suggestion
## Differences with `conda`
```

> While `mamba` and `micromamba` are generally a drop-in replacement for `conda` there are a small number of limitations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `mamba` and `micromamba` are generally a drop-in replacement for `conda` there are some differences:
```

> - No support of revisions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- mamba and micromamba do no support revisions yet (for discussions, see https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba/issues/803)
```
